---
title: "About Bards Crossing" 
type: "page"
layout: "single"
---
About Bards Crossing

Bards Crossing is the 55+ section within the master-planned community of
Evermoor in Rosemount, MN. Active adults will enjoy a low-maintenance lifestyle
along with well-appointed amenities and activities. This close-knit
neighborhood of just 55 units allows residents to get to know their neighbors
easily. Bards Crossing of Evermoor provides luxurious living within a quiet and
welcoming setting that active adult homebuyers seek in Central Minnesota.

Residents enjoy a maintenance-free lifestyle in this active adult community. A
monthly homeowners’ association fee (HOA) includes snow removal, access to
amenities, common area upkeep, gas heating, high-speed internet as well as
DirecTV Stream Services with Choice Programming. Thanks to the HOA taking care
of tedious exterior home chores, adults have more time to do as they please.
Homeowners can attend special events in the gathering room, play billiards in
the pool room, play cards, or create new arts and crafts in the craft room or
the woodshop. Or they can just relax with a good book in the library. Making
friends is easy and the options for socialization are endless in this vibrant
55+ community.

![Waterfall](/waterfall-768x373.png)

Conveniently located in Rosemount, Minnesota, residents are never too far from
daily necessities. Just a few minutes away is the Rosemount Community Center,
      ice arena, sports dome, and market. There are several parks and rivers
      nearby for outdoor recreational and water activities. Golfers will love
      having Valleywood Golf Course ten minutes away.

The Minnesota Zoo is twelve minutes away and is perfect for when the grandkids
come to visit. Residents looking for educational enrichment can take classes at
the University of Minnesota – UMore Park or Dakota County Technical College.
For big-city entertainment and attractions, homeowners have easy access to the
Twin Cities for fun day trips. Minneapolis can be reached in 37 minutes and St.
Paul can be reached in 35 minutes. When traveling farther is required, the
Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport is nearby. Active adult homebuyers
will love living in this luxurious 55+ community that’s close to great
attractions near Minneapolis, Minnesota.

CONTACT US

For additional information, please contact:
Bards Crossing Homeowners Association at 651-456-8418 ext 1 or info@bardscrossing.org
Bards Crossing is located at 13670 Carrach Avenue, Rosemount, Minnesota.

***Bards Crossing – A Great Place to Call Home***

